welcome to the men of recaps this is
Marvel's agents of shield seasons one
through six leading up to the seventh
and final season travel back in time
with me to the first Avengers which was
a huge hit superhero mania sweeping the
nation agent Phillip Coulson was stabbed
and killed by Loki any agent with
clearance level six knows Coulson's dead
but he survived welcome to level seven
yeah they patched him up and he's been
recuperating in Tahiti it's a magical
place
now he's starting his own special team
to find and deal with superhuman
activity first group two specialists
grant Ward he's one of the best shields
got then there's agent Melinda may who's
been working a desk job after a mission
went bad they called her the cavalry cuz
she's an incredible fighter a one-woman
army Science Guy is Fitzsimmons but
actually they're two separate people
fast Simmons the final or crew Coulson
wants is not even a SHIELD agent her
name is Skye she's a hacktivist living
in her van trying to expose shield as a
shady government organization but
Coulson tracks are down convinces her
that they're the good guys so she's on
the team they're working out of a mobile
command base this big old plane they
call the bus they spend season one
flying around the world dealing with
various superhuman threats of the week
they deal with dangerous Chitauri
artifacts ancient Asgardian weapons
lady SIF from Thor makes of cameos
there's also a crazy gravity
manipulation elements called gravitonium
more on that later but anyway after
facing certain death together countless
times our team has become more than a
team they're a family a family with some
sexual tension in it though because Ward
and Skye have become really close he's
training her to be a real SHIELD agent
they have a flirtation going but it's
actually agent May who calls Ward in for
some no strings attached coworkers X
also Fitz and Simmons bicker a lot but
they clearly love each other now problem
that keeps popping up his project
centipede basically they're trying to
create super soldiers with this implant
that shaped like the centipede in
Episode one Mike Peterson was a good
hearted father who joined the program he
almost became a villain but the team was
able to talk him down without killing
him they bring him in to help fight
other centipede super soldiers but then
Oh they've kidnapped his son during the
exchange he gets exploded but he
survived the bad guys turned him into a
half robot guy named Deathlok they still
have his son so for now he has no choice
he's working for the villains
leading project centipede is the girl in
the flower dress Raina and her boss that
she's never seen is the mysterious
clairvoyant who's apparently psychic one
thing the clairvoyant couldn't see
though is how they brought Coulson back
to life Fran captures him and puts him
in the memory machine to see that Tahiti
was a lie
some sort of freaky cutting-edge
procedure then they modified his
memories Coulson finds out in the
mysterious project Tahiti came from a
blue alien guy whoa supposin teams up
with another veteran SHIELD agent John
Garrett and together they track down and
take out the clairvoyant now remember
the show is part of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe and we've caught up to Captain
America a Winter Soldier in which we
find out that Shield has been
infiltrated by Hydra so while Captain
America is running around doing his
thing it's a very confusing time for our
shield agents they don't know who to
trust in the end though they're betrayed
it turns out to John Garrett is Hydra
and more than just Hydra he is the real
clairvoyant he's not actually psychic he
just had high-level shield access so he
knew things but Coulson knocks him out
and he's under arrest he's got one more
trick up his sleeve though grant Ward is
also Hydra meanwhile Coulson and the
team have gotten to hide out at one of
Nick Fury's off-the-books shield bases
it's run by agent Koenig a real funny
guy who's a stickler for lanyards but
they don't know that Ward is Hydra yet
so they invite him into the base where
he and Skye make out it's not till after
the smooching Skye finds out Ward killed
agent Koenig he's Hydra Skye is real mad
at him but he tries to explain hey I'm
not a bad guy I was just recruited by
Garrett at a young age he was my mentor
a father figure so you know where I'm
just on a Hydra sighs she left a message
for the rest of the team so Coulson
comes to save her and they escape in his
flying car Lola Fitzsimmons set off an
EMP that knocks out Garrett's heart
thing yeah turns out he was the original
Deathlok and his heart's mostly robots
so he orders were to kill Fitz and
Simmons now award I mean you just said
you were a good guy you wouldn't
actually do that to us we're family but
Oh Ward does it throws them off the
plane irredeemable Ward Fitz and Simmons
are trapped at the bottom of the ocean
they can get out but there's only an
oxygen mask for one of them so if it's
basically confesses his love for Jemma
and sacrifices himself so she could
survive meanwhile Garrett is dying he's
got one dose left of the Tahiti project
formula and it's like give it to me baby
and boohoo not only is he alive he's
super strong now one weird thing though
he's compulsively drawing these strange
symbols and is talking like a crazy
person but anyway it's time for the
final showdown make Hicks Ward's ass and
Nick Fury makes a cameo to help Coulson
take down Garrett Garrett still has a
Deathlok bodyguard though until Skye
rescues his son then Mike Peterson turns
on Garrett boom boom blows him up so the
day is saved but shield is officially
dissolved and Nick Fury
going dark but he gives Coulson his
toolbox and names him new director of
shield tasks him to rebuild it so in
season two Coulson is rebuilding shield
they were officially disbanded though so
they are outlaws general Talbot is
tasked with hunting them down but
Coulson's always one step ahead and
eventually they agree they're mostly on
the same side they're setting up in an
old shield headquarters run by agent
Kane egg no it's not him the one Ward
killed was his twin brother and it's a
running joke through the series just how
many twins are there or are you guys
robots or clothes or something now
there's a lot of new faces this season
like Tripp who was working for Garrett
but was not Hydra so join the good guys
this big guy Mack who's an engineer and
this British guy hunter who's a soccer
hooligan also badass super spy Bobby who
is hunters ex-wife they fight a lot but
they can't keep their hands off each
other and Fitz survived the ocean but
the lack of oxygen left him with some
brain damage he has trouble getting his
words out right luckily he's got Simmons
there to help him through it except no
she's not there he's just imagining her
she briefly went undercover at Hydra and
when she comes back things are awkward
cuz you know he confessed his love for
her last season they get word of some
dangerous new weapon and have to race
hydrated get it hydras got this bad guy
krill though who could turn his body
into whatever he touches the diviner
ends up with the girl in the flower
dress who's working with this new guy
Cal who is Skye's father yeah he's some
sort of back-alley doctor with a huge
Deborah problem and it's unclear for a
while if he has super strength or is
just fueled by rage but eventually we
find out yeah he's been Juicin he takes
the diviner to Hydra whose current
leader is Daniel Whitehall he's the
original Nazi Hydra that found this
thing back in World War two long story
short he found this woman with
regenerative properties and did a
full-body blood transfusion that's why
he's still young ish turns out though
that woman was Cal's wife Skye's mom so
he's here undercover to get revenge now
grant Ward is still around he's a
prisoner shield he's helping them
against Hydra in exchange for his
Redemption arc but no one on the team
will ever forgive him so one day he
breaks out of there goes to rejoin Hydra
but it's unclear where his true
loyalties lie he doesn't kidnap Skye
though and take her to meet her father
where he tries to explain he's not a bad
guy he just went crazy with rage now's
his chance though to get revenge on
Whitehall but Coulson shoots him first
which makes him very mad wart still has
a crush on Skye so he's helping her
escape but she will never forgive him
shoots him multiple times Ward meets his
new girlfriend here though she was a
SHIELD agent brainwashed by Hydra one
time she put on the mask that made her
look like me which was fun but they
zapped her she was stuck with a half's
card may face and it's like hey we're
both damaged goods let's get together
now ever since Coulson saw Garrett's
crazy carvings he's been compulsively
carving them too it looks like he's gone
crazy for a while but eventually he
figures out it's on
to an ancient alien underground city
turns out the diviner is the key to
something there and rain of flower girls
got it first there's some sort of
crystals inside and oh wait farts on him
all woods turn in sky to stone Oh awaits
guys breaking out it was just a cocoon
and boom it's awakened her latent
superpowers yeah he's got quick powers
and they are strong trip though not so
lucky he dies flower girl Rina also not
so lucky she turned into an ugly
porcupine monster but boom what's this
she's picked up by a no eyes teleporter
guy eventually he picks up sky two and
takes her to the inhuman City thousands
of years ago the Kree that's what that
blue alien was the genetic engineering
on ancient humans to turn them into
super-powered warriors some people still
carry that dormant gene awakened by the
terrigenesis crystals and they're called
Inhumans hot fast guys talking to is
Lincoln and he's got lightning powers
their leader is this woman jiying she's
like Skye I am your mother
what this guy is reunited with her
parents her dad is calmed down a lot now
and they have a nice whole time but on a
father-daughter field trip Hydra shows
up and kidnaps Lincoln and also death
Locke was there Scott joins back up with
her shield team to rescue him but also
grant Ward is there Coulson's willing to
offer him amnesty if he helps them
infiltrate Hydra and words like yeah man
I tell you I'm a good guy I just want to
chill with my new girlfriend now so to
sneak in there they sacrifice the bus Oh
end of an era
so they bust in their sky with her
newfound superpowers and also she's been
training with me so she is now a fully
realized combat badass agent of shield
their rescue Lincoln but Simmons will
not forgive word for what he did to Fitz
she's gonna kill him but oh this guy
steps in front at the last minute and
Ward's like wow not cool Simmons turns
out she was right though he was playing
them he captures bobbi because I guess
it was her fault that his new girlfriend
got captured by Hyder in the first place
they set up a trap where whoever comes
to rescue her will get shot and hunters
in there trying all the doors when he
gets to her she puts herself in the way
and takes the bullet for him she
survives though and ends okay May it was
also there to save her but ward Oh
shoots her no mercy but no it was his
new girlfriend who fixed the mask Oh
Lord you killed your own girlfriend by
the way there was a whole thing where
Bobby and Mack had some secret to know
they weren't working for Hydra they were
working for the real shield they take
over the facility basically they thought
that Coulson had gone rogue just then
comes age of Ultron or it turns out
Coulson secret project was building the
new helicarrier's that saved the day so
now that Coulson saved the day they all
trust each other again this guy wants to
make introductions between shield and
the Inhumans but the Inhumans don't
trust shield ever since the incident
where May got her name the cavalry she
kicked a ton of butt to save this little
girl from a superpower villain but turns
out the little girl was
villain she was a mind controlling
inhuman and may had no choice but to
kill her so when the shield guy comes in
to negotiate Skye's mom breaks the
Terrigen crystal which if you're not in
human it turns you to stone then he
grabs his gun makes it look like he
attacked her so the Inhumans will follow
her to war Skye's got a tough choice to
make but luckily pretty soon she
realizes her mom's the bad guy so the
you Nieman's take the shield boats
Giants plan is to release the Terrigen
crystals everywhere turning everyone
into a human or dead Mack rescue Skye
grabs an axe and goes to fight
teleporter dude boys join in together
they take him down but he's dropped the
crystal so Coulson's gotta I'll catch it
it starts turning him to stone but oh
Mack cuts his hand off to save him
Coulson gets a robot hand after this
which gets more and more upgrades over
the years our mom's gettin away this
guy's gonna blast the Terrigen crystals
off the ship her mom's got life
absorbing power so they're in a big
fight but Skye's dad comes he's realized
his wife has become a villain and kills
her to save his daughter so Skye's dad
has been redeemed they wiped his memory
and let him live a happy life as a
veterinarian Fitz is doing much better
by the way with his brain damaged and
over the course that season he and
Simmons have reconnected she makes him
sandwiches they are so cute he finally
gets the nerve to ask her on a real date
and she says yes now they found this
weird alien obelisk that doesn't seem to
do anything but right when he leaves oh
the obelisk turns into liquid and stalks
her into it what so season three begins
with Fitz determined to get Simmons back
but no matter what he does the obelisk
is silent meanwhile the Terrigen
crystals sunk to the bottom of the ocean
where they got absorbed into the fish
and into fish oil
he no longer kills normal people but all
these people with the laitanan human
gene are finding they have weird
superpowers Skye is here to help them
though this season she's going back her
birth name Daisy Johnson Coulson and I
both have trouble getting used to that
it stands mr. captain Daisy right Daisy
shield is really cookin now they got
these sweet containment pods that fly up
to their brand-new plane the Zephyr they
recruit a lot of good Inhumans like
lightning boy Lincoln who is now
officially dating Scott Daisy Daisy
Tanis and Elena Rodriguez they call yo
yo cuz she's got super speed but she
always bounces back to where she started
long story short over the course of the
series she and Mack are a thing speaking
of shield couples bobbi and Hunter are
together but after a mission gone wrong
in Russia they have to be disavowed and
have a tearful spies farewell as they
leave the team and the show but there
are bad Inhumans out there too like this
dreadlock monster lash long story short
he's dr. Andrew Garner who was May's
ex-husband and they've just recently got
back together
he Hulk's out into lash though and
uncontrollably hunts down in humans so
maze gotta put him on ice Coulson's got
a girlfriend too this season this woman
Rosalind price she's in charge of the
official government task force to deal
with Inhumans and though she and Coulson
butt heads at first they eventually
agree they're on the same side and start
doing it now finally Fitz has a
breakthrough on the obelisk they find
this ancient castle with a special
chamber that will open the obelisk
portal he dives in to save Simmons all a
sandstorm buddy grabs her and OH brings
her back
yeah the obelisk is a portal to this
alien planet and Simmons survived by
herself for a long time until eventually
she found this other guy he was an
astronaut that was sent here years ago
to explore it but his whole team got
killed because they went crazy and
there's like a monster that lives in the
sandstorm anyway months went by they
lost all hope of being rescued so these
two started dating but then they saw the
portal open so he stayed behind to fight
the monster while she escaped
so Simmons relationship status is
complicated but these two aren't waiting
anymore
Fitzsimmons finally together now grant
Ward blames Coulson for the way his
life's turned out so he kills his new
girlfriend now ward I was rooting for
your Redemption arc but you keep making
it harder with nothing better to do
Ward's decided to restart a younger
hipper Hydra but he's eventually
recruited by old Hydra Gideon Malick
Malick fills him in that there's a
branch of Hydra that way predates the
Nazis and red skull long story short
their mission is to go through the
obelisk and rescue that monster it is
there Hydra God hive words like Yolo
sounds fun
kidnaps Fitz and goes through the portal
but Coulson fueled by vengeance is right
behind him they find Simmons astronaut
boyfriend about turns out he is hive
yeah hive is a zombie body reanimate er
so Fitz has to take him out Coulson
catches up to ward they have their final
fight Coulson who is normally the voice
of mercy and giving people second
chances just can't forgive Ward and
crushes his heart they escape and blow
up the portal so the day is saved but
they were too late I've escaped in
Ward's dead body
Ward is looking not great at the moment
but they bring them in some human
sacrifices and oh yeah full-on sexy
again he walks around in clothes from
the Matrix movies yeah this is my
favorite version of Ward now he does
have Ward's memories but it is not Ward
it's a purple tentacle monster sky slash
days he brings her new team of Inhumans
in to fight him but turns out I've power
is he mind controls other Inhumans he
got to Skye and so warden Skye are
reunited it's actually Daisy
Grint knew you as I changed it so I have
recruiting all the Inhumans he can just
like jaw hitting his playing this to
turn the whole world inhuman but this
time they'd be under his mind control
for that he recruits dr. Holden
Radcliffe who was half kidnapped but
half excited to be doing mad science so
to take down hive the team sends a
monster of their own lash he fails to
kill hive but he does manage to make
Daisy immune to the brainwashing so
hives gonna nuke the world with his
inhuman serum they have a big ol fight
where Mac debuts his new shotgun axe
yeah he had this idea a while back and
has now engineered it it is a so wheat
now earlier in the season there was a
homeless inhuman that had the power if
he touches you you see the future of
someone dying by the way he has a
daughter named Robin she'll be back
later but anyway when does he touched
him she saw the vision of the Quinjet in
space exploding one of the team will die
they tease us all episode passing around
the Bolton cross necklace Daisy wants to
sacrifice herself but in the end it is
Lincoln who grabs the jet and flies off
into space with hive and the bomb boom
exploded and the day is saved but
there's an immediate time jump where
Daisy has taken on the superhero named
quake she's wearing real heavy eyeliner
now got this sexy Punk vibe so in season
4 quake has gone rogue to be a vigilante
which is possible because shield is now
legal again closin a step down as
director though the new director is
Jeffrey Mesa real charismatic guy a good
face for the public and in fact to
alleviate public fears about Inhumans he
isn't inhuman yeah he's got super
strength turns out he's not inhuman
though he's been faking it with super
steroids so Coulson's back in charge
again so Daisy's out there hunting down
the watchdogs an anti inhuman terrorist
group while on the streets one night she
meets another vigilante
it's Ghost Rider yeah he's this good kid
Robbie Reyes went after a bad car
accident the devil made him a deal and
he's possessed with the spirit of
vengeance now shields currently dealing
with a ghost problem and so they team up
with Ghost Rider who is a great
Ghostbuster there were a bunch of
scientists that found this evil ancient
text the dark hold long story short
though Robbie's uncle was the real bad
guy he finishes his experiment which now
gives him the power to create matter and
in the process blam it trapped Coulson
Fitz and Robbie in the ghost world to
get the Mack may goes to Ratcliffe who
was pardoned for helping hive he was
mostly kidnapped after all she's like
hey scientist of ambiguous morality I
need you to get our friends back by
reading this ancient evil book he takes
one look at it but it's like no way I
shouldn't do that luckily though there's
someone in the room who can read it
without being corrupted his new
assistant ADA because she is a robot
today clothes are a life model decoy and
LM
meant to you know save agents in the
field or whatever but in practice it's
just a superhot assistant for him anyway
she reads that are cold and learns how
to create a portal that rescues the guys
long story short they take our Abbie's
uncle and quake is cleared of all
charges they say she was working
undercover the whole time but
unfortunately ADA was corrupted by the
dark hold yeah she's a killer robot now
the team stops her but come to find out
she wasn't corrupted it was radical if
who was corrupted they figured that out
too but they're too late he's replaced
himself with a life model decoy the rear
Radcliffe is on a submarine with the
leader of the watchdog's this hot
russian dude they call the superior you
know i could kidnap one of the agent
Cain eggs cuz they hit the dark hole
turns out there's a sister Koenig too
and it's pretty much confirmed they're
not clones or robots or are they
meanwhile May and Coulson have been
flirting a lot lately they've had sort
of a romance going this whole time and
finally the timings right these two
starts solution but wait and may steal
the dark hold may was replaced with the
robot the team goes to fight the
superior and quake takes him out but
when they get back they set off the lmd
alarms a bunch of them were replaced
with robots long story short it's just
Simmons and Daisy you were still real
and they escaped now Radcliffe's just a
little corrupted he doesn't really want
to hurt anyone he has the real people
plugged into a virtual world he created
called the framework this is his new
calling to create a paradise world for
all of humanity where everyone's biggest
regrets has been erased in fact he tells
Ada to protect the framework at all
costs so she kills him and traps his
mind in there just so we can never
destroy it oops so Daisy and Simmons
have got a Jack into the matrix boom
they're in the framework there's some
major differences between here in the
real world for example Daisy is dating
Ward I can get down with that but
there's another big problem they're not
agents of shield they're agents of Hydra
now none of the people plugged in
remember the real world this is real to
them they're all living wild alternate
lives like Coulson's just a high school
teacher and one of the top heads of
Hydra the doctor is evil Fitz his regret
was his father abandoning his family
young but turns out his father was an
awful person and he raced Fitz to be
totally evil and he's dating that top
head of Hydra it's a de go and by Madame
Hydra
virtual ward though turns out is in the
resistance yes he's finally got his
Redemption arc and the leader of the
resistance is actual super strong and
human Jeffrey mace the patriot now long
story short to escape the framework they
basically have to take down Hydra
Jeffrey may sacrifices himself in the
process and
in real life eventually they find the
exit that managed to escape all of them
are a bit disoriented having just lived
double lives but Mac doesn't want to
leave because in this world his daughter
hope never died he's gonna stay in the
framework with her even though he knows
it's not real yo-yo has to go in there
herself and basically drag her man out
but the day's not saved ada has managed
to print herself a brand new real girl
body it kind of looks like she's gonna
be a good guy until Fitz dumpster by the
way she's giving herself all the inhuman
powers and goes on a crazy murder
rampage she meets back up with the
superior whose body was destroyed in the
fight but she built him a new sexy robot
body and got his head in a jar they make
a robot of quake and have her bust in
and shoot general Talbot they want to
use this to turn the world against
Inhumans and rebuild the framework Hydra
in the real world but just then ghost
right here comes back from his
adventures in Hell and his powers are
the only thing that seemed to hurt data
so they lure her into a trap where
Coulson has taken the Ghost Rider
yeah boo made a destroyed ghost ride it
goes back to Robbie and he takes the
dark old back to hell with him but after
the shenanigans shield is very much
wanted again so they go to a diner for a
last meal before turning themselves in
but they don't end up in prison they end
up in space what has happened here in
season five these mystery man have
teleported our gang to space with
another obelisk this star-lord looking
guy flies in he is deke job they soon
realize the question isn't where are we
it's when are we cuz this is the future
and the earth has been totally destroyed
they're in a bunker called the
lighthouse where the last remnants of
humanity are slaves to the Kree there's
an ancient prophecy though that one day
the agents of shield will come to save
them what happened to the earth by the
way well turns out it was destroyed by
quake who they now call the destroyer of
worlds
now the station's run by a real pretty
boy Kree named Casillas and turns out
the real value here isn't the mining
it's the Inhumans he's creating to sell
his gladiators days he goes to stop him
but gets caught and now he's got quake
destroyer of worlds he's having the
biggest auction yet and one of the
potential buyers is Fitz yeah this was
not taken with the rest of the gang so
he was arrested for real with a cameo
from hunter though he soon breaks out
and meets up with the guy who captured
them he's not exactly a guy though I'm a
sentient chronic calm from a planet
which revolves around a star in the
constellation you know as Cygnus his
name is Enoch and the chronic comms are
impartial observers unless there's an
extinction-level event which there is so
he's met up with the seer the homeless
guys daughter Robin he's following her
pictures of the future
to save the world which involves sending
the team ahead Fitz has a different
mission though he's got to meet up with
them now to save him but they're not
sending him through time travel he's
taken the long way
going into cryo sleep for 70 years so in
the future Fitz is woken up and he's
going undercover as an intergalactic
evildoer long story short he rescues
Simmons and sick of being pulled apart
at the end of every season proposes to
her on the spot begin escapes to the
planet surface where a resistance live
in the old shield Zephyr they're led by
the old seer Robin all grown up in fact
there's a lot of questions brought up
about is the future fixed can it be
changed this guy thinks it can if he
kills quake right now of course she's a
huge badass it clearly wasn't gonna work
but he does kill Robin so she can't help
him anymore and there's a touching story
here as May became her adopted mother
but Mae doesn't remember this because
she hasn't actually done it yet anyway
before they can get back to the past
they have to fight Casillas and free
humanity yo-yo meets her future self
whoo casaya says prisoner they have a
long talk about how to stop this future
and it's like well the only thing I can
think of we have to let Coulson die but
for now they fight Casillas and it's
shotgun axe to the rescue in front of
this inhuman kid called Flint who can
control rocks and he helps build them a
new obelisk a teleporter back home so
they're back in the past but still in
the lighthouse though which turns out is
a shield apocalypse bunker built under a
lighthouse everything they heard about
the end of the world is happening
already and they're gonna do everything
they can to stop it some bad guys are
here to stop them though and this
villain with disc weapons throws oh man
oh yo Joe's arms cut off the future is
coming true losing limbs in the show is
no big deal though pretty soon she gets
some sweet-ass robot arms upgrade now
that bad guy was a teenage girl named
Ruby she is general Hales daughter and
they're working for you guessed it Hale
is Hydra hail Hydra now deke was helping
the team in the future and he ended up
getting himself sent back to the past
he's very happy to be on a not destroyed
earth and goes on an awesome Zima bender
and Fitz and Simmons are having their
wedding they're not taking any more
chances of being separated and pretty
soon they figure out that deke is their
grandson by the way in the basement of
lighthouse are three obelisks do - and
Anakin's they get blown up and it hope
it's a crazy rift in space-time and long
story short they seal it up for now
anyway Hale kidnaps Coulson and uses an
alien teleporter to talk to these aliens
she's been talking to they warned him an
alien invasion coming to earth and
they're offering protection in exchange
for resources hell's got her own plan
for protection she wants to give her
daughter Ruby superpowers by infusing
her with gravitonium
yeah the stuff from the very
beginning of season one it finally came
back wilson realizes that is probably
what breaks the earth apart and it's
like no you can't do it but Ruby's a
headstrong teenager she's doing it
anyway she does now have gravity powers
but she can't control them so yo-yo
slices her throat killing her right
there and saving the world or did she
because now aliens show up they attack
the lighthouse our gangs got a big last
stand just like the mines of moria
general Talbot is there with him he
survived the fake Daisy gunshot but has
been held prisoner and tortured by hell
this whole time but he sees a chance to
save the world puts himself in the
gravitonium machine and boom he's got
full-on gravity powers and seems to be
totally in control he grabs Coulson and
flies right up to that alien mothership
it's like hey man are you okay you going
crazy or anything he's like not bill I'm
good but then start saying things like
kneel before me he borrows some of their
clothes for a fashion makeover and yeah
looking like a full-on supervillain he
meets what the rest of the alien council
and the invasion they weren't he'll
about was Thanos yeah we have caught up
to infinity war so Talbots like cool I'm
gonna go join the Avengers and kick the
noses but first I got to absorb some
more gravitonium Coulson's like hey man
I'm not sure that's a good idea and it's
like you dare defy me yes the comic
relief side character has become the big
bad the team comes to rescue Coulson and
during the fight may and Coulson kiss
for real this time neither of them are a
robot they think they found a way to
stop Talbot hilariously involving the
centipede serum from season 1 but
there's a problem Coulson is dying yeah
when he took on the Ghost Rider it
burned out all the crew blood in him so
his old wound is slowly killing him the
centipede serum could save him but they
only have one dose they have to choose
between stopping Talbott and saving
Coulson which is of course exactly the
dilemma that future yoyo award yourself
about cousins like hey you gotta let me
go but may makes the decision for the
group and destroys the stopping Talbot
ingredient she's like I'm not losing you
Coulson
so Talbots flying his ship down to
Chicago where he illegally parks there's
a bunch of gravitonium under the ground
here and he's absorbing it to power
himself up The Avengers are busy with a
nose but quake is here to prove she's an
Avengers level superhero in the end
Talbot gets the upper hand he's going to
absorb quakes powers into his own which
would certainly be the thing that cracks
the world but turns out Coulson did not
take the serum he hid it in Daisy's
gauntlets so she grabs it and powers
herself up boom blast Talbot up into
space and the world is saved I mean
except from Thanos but that's the
Avengers problem unfortunately during
the fight Oh a cave in on fit
and no Fitz dies but wait this Fitz came
back with us from the future isn't the
original Fitz still in cryosleep Coulson
no is truly dying he doesn't have much
time left
it is a tearful farewell Coulson was the
heart of this team he retires to spend
his last few days somewhere he's never
actually been Tahiti gotta say it's
pretty magical and right there with him
is his true love Melinda may to spend
his beautiful final days together now
the king saved the world from Talbot but
of course then Oh still snapped but
season six doesn't mention that at all
so maybe they're in an alternate
timeline where that didn't happen so in
season six the gang's taking a quick
trip to space to pick up a sleepy bits
but the timeline has changed now and in
this one Enoch and Fitz a ship is
destroyed it turns into a year-long
space adventure looking for him quick as
dyed her hair blonde and Simmons has
bangs now agents Davis and Piper are
with him on this quest they're hilarious
background characters have been around
for a few seasons and their roles just
keep getting bigger they have some wacky
space adventures but they're always one
step behind finding Fitz back on earth
Mack is the new director of shield he
was unanimously voted in he's come a
long way from being just the engineer
who tried to quit when he found out they
were dealing with alien stuff one day
some post-apocalyptic portal travelers
show up on earth and their leaders got a
big-ass truck and turns out their leader
is Coulson what he's clearly not the
real Coulson though I could call him
evil Coulson but I think I might call
him sexy Coulson his team just calls him
Sarge though and they are super cool
riding around in their invisible truck
long story short may eventually tracks
him down and he has no idea who Coulson
is they think he's a villain because
he's going around stabbing people but
not people that alien bat parasites
inside of them yeah they get inside you
pull them turning the crystal oh it's
bad sergeant's team have been traveling
the galaxy hunting down their leader
eyes Elle and she's on her way to earth
back to Fitz he's on his own wacky space
adventure with his new best friend Enoch
Lana puncta seen a planet with just one
ship and long story short get caught
counting cards Daisy and Simmons have
finally caught up to him but they stop
for a little alien puff pastry but turns
out it's a very strong hallucinogen at
least you have a hilarious girls night
out in space Vegas they finally find
Fitz but he's immediately captured again
this time by the chronic comms turns out
their home planet was destroyed and
since they know our team just saved
earth via time travel it's like hey
teach us time travel unfortunately
they're not asking nicely they're
basically prisoners so Fitz and Simmons
are finally reunited except as prisoners
inside a mine develop matrix machine
which leads to some interesting
shenanigans by the way this fits missed
all of season five
because it happened in his future which
is now totally changed anyway they're
rescued by their new best friend Enoch
who has decided the other chronic comms
were being kind of dicks they traveled
back to casino planet where they're
still in trouble for counting cards but
this pink haired girl pays their fine
and is like hey I actually need some
human help you guys can roll with me I'm
heading to her unfortunately it becomes
quickly apparent that this pink haired
girl is eyes ow so back on earth the
crystal pocalypse is starting Sarge's
plan is to crash his truck into it he
needs help with the tech thing so they
bring in Dee job after last season dick
decided to go find his place in the
world and turns out it is as a douchebag
Silicon Valley billionaire yeah he's
kind of cheating using his knowledge of
future tech to make sweet VR video games
which includes a super sexy Daisy he's
got to give Mac 10% of his company to
not tell her deke meets his new crush
though in the form of Sarge's teammates
snowflake she's got him a psychopath who
likes killing people with knives and
saying they'll be reincarnated as
butterflies but the deep Meister is not
concerned about that he'll take what he
can get anyway part of sargent plan he
didn't tell them is that there's a
nuclear bomb on his truck uses his
portal gun to piece on out of there and
hijack the shield plane so to save
themselves in the nearby town quick
gotta hold the bomb while they crash
stabilizing it Mac not Sarge out and
locks him up but the big guy and his
team is gonna help him go on to isael
ship their rescue Fitz and Simmons and
CIL but when they get up there she's
disappeared so after they all leave big
guys going back solo she's still gotta
be here somewhere
boom boom blows up her ship so the day
is saved make us to talk to Sarge but
then shoots him afterward she has no
memory of that wait what happened yes
eyes L is a Body Snatcher they can't
fight someone who keeps jumping between
them and to prove that she means
business she kills Davis Oh
so what's I sell after anyway she's here
for the obelisks they're all destroyed
of course but their energy is still
contained within the speaker it's
arginine while is not dead in fact he is
crazy healing powers he's fine he goes
down there to finally kill isael but she
is immune to bullets he drops a crazy
truth bomb on him they're not enemies in
fact they're the same species of
interdimensional ancient Incan gods when
they cross dimensions to get here the
body of manifested for him was Coulson's
because I guess Coulson's like spent
time near the odd lists it's fake
magical science don't worry too much
about it but in any case he ended up
with amnesia and thought that isael was
his archenemy Sargent doesn't remember
this though he still wants to kill her
for you know destroying planets and
stuff so she takes Mack and yoyo as
hostages and pieces out of there Mei
tries to get through Sarge she's
starting to remember some of Coulson's
memories but he's like no I hate that
Coulson
being killed though seems to awaken some
of his superpowers stays he goes to take
him out
but he calls her sky something only
Colson and I would still do so it's like
home he because it really isn't there
somewhere let's work together to stop
Mizell and maybe we'll get him back
so I cell has traveled to the Temple of
Doom machan yo-yo accidentally manifests
their friend Flint
I guess because their fear is I thought
would possess him and use him to rebuild
the monoliths oh she's doing the ritual
- whoa open the portal
sergeant may are here to stop her now
though he's gonna stab her with the
sword of destiny but oh he can't yes
just then he's remembered everything
maze-like now Golson my love I know
you're in there and he's like no I don't
think so stabs May and kicks her through
the portal meanwhile the chronic combs
have decided that their time travel plan
is too convoluted the best way to get a
new planet is to conquer earth it's at
Simmons in dire straits but oh what's
this they're saved by their best friend
Enoch in disguise so may is now in the
underworld I guess and finds that death
doesn't mean anything near the ancient
priests are opening the door - I think
the brenden fraiser mommy series they
figured she'd better put a stop to that
so I cells got to go in in person and
they have a sword fight outside the rest
of the gang confronts Sarge who is not
human at all anymore max still thinks he
can punch this ancient Incan God but it
doesn't really work I shall beat me and
comes back to help Sarge but o'may
followed her through the portal stabbed
she alley-oop throws the sword to Mack
who a bow takes him out the portal
closes and the day is saved although
back in the Material Plane Mays died now
but wait what's this
Simmons shows up with like a whole team
in hazmat suits she shoots me with the
medicine to worry she'll be fine this
whole thing is very surreal she's like
sorry guys no time to explain cuz we got
a teleport out of here
where did they teleport to the questions
not where it's when again cuz they're in
1920s New York this is all part of their
new best friend Enochs complicated crazy
plan to save humanity from the chronic
comms and another key part of this crazy
plan their team's missing their most
important member they've made a life
model decoy of Coulson
yeah Coulson's back in a robot form the
gangs time-traveling to the 1920s how
will this wild ride come to an end find
out on the seventh and final season of
agents of shield if you let me is recap
hit that subscribe button I'm doing the
best recaps of deviant movies so don't
miss out
[Music]